# 1 - The Girl in Space

Claas dreamed of warm colors, which coalesced like golden honey melting from a honeycomb. Shapes had lost their meaning for her. She was the world and the world was she. Claas had become a tiny part of an eternal whole.

A tiny part with a conscience. With a name. A tiny part, which like everything would flow back to this oneness of which it always had belonged to. New parts would come into being. With new names and new consciences. In the universe nothing died it just changed its shape.

Without warning the colors, for which she had no name, in front of Claas' inner eye disappeared. For the fraction of a second she felt all her organs pulsating unpleasantly in her body. Her visual field lit up: A pin sharp 360 degree panorama of her surroundings.

Transversal behind her Claas recognized the constellation of Orion, while she simultaneously saw the giantic blue sphere far below her. The earths shadow was just cutting the Atlantic into half. Just little time ago the sun had gone down for the scandinavic Peninsula, which Claas was overflying at 400 kilometers altitude.

"Did you sleep well, Claas?", asked a voice in Claas' ear. It belonged to Pui, the central computer of the collective. Though central computer might be a a missleading term, as Pui was strictly speaking no computer, but an artificial intelligence. And Pui wasn't central either, as its claclulations reached even into the last nanobot of Claas' scout.

"As always", said Claas even though  the clam feeling of happiness in her chest hadn't volalized yet. The seconds after the awakeing from the trance sleep were her dearest.

Claas already knew, why Pui had woken her up: Enemy contact. Pui had while her awakening already transmitted the mission briefing directly into her brain. No text prompts, which Claas had to read time-consumingly. No oral orders, which she could misunderstand.

Claas just knew, that there was a formation of two orbital fighters, which were closing in with a speed of 7 kilometers per second. That was Mach 23.

"I don't understand, what is their problem. The peace treaties of the Union are allowing scouting flight or did I miss something? How long did I sleep?"

"Seven years. The peace treaties are still valid, though with minor changes, which are not relevant for the current situation", Pui would transmit her this knowledge later - at the moment he supplied Claas just with the necessary combat data.

From the technical point of view, it wouldn't have been a problem to transmit via parallel link the peace treaties and above it simultaniously the high-definition recordings of all triatlon competions worldwide, which were hold in the last seven years. The limiting factor was Claas' brain, which Pui could give information just bit by bit and at the moment she should concentracte on the imminent battle.

"The union orbital fighters were launched from the German Federation", said Pui.

"Counicoolr Sarrazin can't deny himself to flex his muscles, can he? He is still in power, isn't he?"

"Affirmative. Your hypothesis is likely. The orbital fighters are of the newest class. Analysis is running."

Claas whistled through her teeth, as Pui supplied the data about their armament. "They seriously want to take me down here, don't they?"

"Affirmative." Claas knew, she wouldn't get any reinforcements. The Collective wouldn't risk to send a squadron over union territory and spark with high likelihood a new war.

Claas would have to defend herself against the orbital fighters on her own. Or withdraw. But Claas had her doubts, that the orbital fighters would allow that.

"Starting now you are within combat distance of the enemy." While Pui was still reporting it, the orbital fighters already fired their particle cannons. Two dozen rays of blistering plasma cut through the space like a deadly fan.

The acceleration forces ripped Claas in spite of the nanobots almost the skin from her face as she dodged with her scout within fractions of a second. She felt her capillaries tingeling in her fingers as the blood inside transformed into gel to protect her from the acting forces.

In one of this old anti G suits, like the pilots wore them around the turn of the millennium, already this single evasive maneuver would have been enough to break every bone in Claas' body and rip even the last drop of her blood out of her veins. She would have been dead instantly.